NMS-13525: Move detector docs into reference section (#3625)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/detectors.adoc

[[ga-detectors]]
= Detectors

Use detectors within the provisioning process to detect available services on nodes automatically.

== Supported detectors

> For information on supported detectors and how to configure them, see xref:reference:configuration/provisioning/introduction.adoc[provisioning detectors reference section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on supported detectors and how to configure them, see xref:reference:configuration/provisioning/introduction.adoc#ref-detectors[provisioning detectors reference section].
```

Reviewer 2: I would suggest keeping the MetaData text here in the operation section too.
```suggestion
For information on supported detectors and how to configure them, see xref:reference:configuration/provisioning/introduction.adoc[provisioning detectors reference section].54

[[ga-detector-provisioning-meta-data]]
== Metadata DSL
Service detectors can use <<:meta-data.adoc#ga-meta-data-dsl, MetaData DSL>> (domain specific language) to leverage dynamic configuration in parameter values to interpolate metadata into the parameter.

The syntax lets you use patterns in an expression, whereby the metadata is replaced with a corresponding value during the collection process.

During evaluation of an expression, the following scopes are available:

* Node metadata
* Interface metadata
```

[[ga-detectors]]
= Detectors

> Detectors can be used within the provisioning process to detect available services on nodes automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use detectors within the provisioning process to detect available services on nodes automatically.
```

== Supported detectors

> For information on supported detectors and how to configure them, see xref:reference:configuration/provisioning/introduction.adoc[provisioning detectors reference section].54

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on supported detectors and how to configure them, see xref:reference:configuration/provisioning/introduction.adoc[provisioning detectors reference section].
```

* Node metadata
* Interface metadata

== Supported detectors

> The supported detectors can be found in xref:reference:provisioning/detectors[provisioning detectors reference section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on supported monitors and how to configure them, see xref:reference:provisioning/detectors[provisioning detectors reference section].
```

Author: Done with https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/pull/3625/commits/4e0a1ba9196aa68c0cc170ecd7daa83e3c6ece01
